
   simulated
-----------------

This is a component which acts as generic low-fidelity simulation of
"real" PEIS components.  

The behaviour of this component (and the behavior that we should
expect all PEIS components to mimic) is as follows: 

(1) The component starts up in an initialization phase that takes
trivial time. (If it would take longer, then it would publis the value
"initializing" to the "status" tuple). This consists of the parsing of
the commandline options and establishing

  (a) A set of input tuples that it expects to be configured as
  meta-tuples and that it expects to read /continously/
  These tuples must be updated with a given periodicity (given as
  commandline argument) or they are deemed as outdated. 

  (b) A set of parameter tuples that is expects to read, but that does
  not need to be updated with any periodicity. These tuples can be
  given a value EITHER as a direct tuple value, OR by a meta-tuple
  mechanism.  

  (c) A set of output tuples that it will write to with a given
  periodicity -- but it will only write if all of the constraints
  above has been given

  (d) A set of actuation tuples. Each actuation tuple tries to get to
  a specific "state" when given a goal tuple. It takes a given amount
  of time change the state and it stays in a state until asked to move
  to another state. Use this to eg. simulate movement between
  different rooms. 

(2) After initialization the component runs in a continous loop and
verifies that it has all the inputs and/or parameter values. If any
value is missing then it publishes the state "waiting" and the
cause.names as a list of the missing inputs. Otherwise it publishes
the state "running". 

(3) Each actuator tuple T has a value T.reqState that it reads
requests to update the state from. The current state is shown in
T.currState and the T.status tuple shows if the actuator is working
('running') or waiting for new commands ('waiting'). 

(4) If there is an error in the execution of the component it
publishes the state "error". This currenly happens if you set the
tuple "provoke-error" to any value. 

   PEIS-init based simulations
---------------------------------
In the example sub directories you will find examples that show a
simulation with this component can run. Most importantly, look in
example2 to see how PEIS-init can be used to simulate different
hosts. 



   Compiling instructions
---------------------------------
To compile this program:

run "cmake .", then run "make".